In this video, I'm going to show you
eight practical use cases for
Enthropic's new Claude co-work that's
going to change how you get work done
forever. This is the same agentic
technology behind Cloud Code, the tool
that's been blowing up because of the
crazy stuff it's been doing. But now,
Enthropic made it accessible to just
about anyone by making it incredibly
simple to use. We're going to be
covering use cases that range from just
cleaning up your files to making branded
presentations to even teaching Claude
the clicks you make on your browser so
he can remember how you work and then
run them automatically without you ever
having to do it again. This is quite
literally changing how we do real office
work, especially the stuff that eats
your Tuesday afternoons. And by the end
of this video, you'll stop thinking of
Claude as just another chatbot and start
treating it as a second pair of hands.
So, let's get into it. Starting with use
case number one. All right. So, first of
all, let me show you how to actually
activate Cloud Co-worker. So, if you
have the Cloud Desktop downloaded, you
want to open the sidebar, and right
here, you'll see something that says
co-work. And you want to click on that.
And this is pretty much all we need to
do. Everything we're going to be doing
with Claude Desktop is going to be based
off this browser right here. And on the
left hand side, you see you can have
Claude running and doing multiple tasks
for you all at the same time just by
hitting new task, new task, new task.
All right, so now that you understand
the basics, let's actually dive in. All
right, so this should be a pretty easy
use case cloud co-work should be able to
do. And all I have to do is just go here
and be like, if you guys can see my
messy desktop, it's usually not like
that, but hey, can you uh organize my
desktop, please?
>> [snorts]
>> I see there's this thing that says work
in a folder. I guess I'll give it access
to my desktop. Always allow. Cool. And
then hit let's go.
Oh, cool. So, okay. So, you see a lot of
random files on my computer are just
disappearing. So, I guess it just
organized 302 of my files
into these folders. There's some stuff
for the image API. Okay, that's actually
really cool. I love that it did that.
Okay, so now that it organized my files
per se, um let's see if I can actually
find it and do work with it. So it
should have access to my files. So if I
can say something like, hey, inside um
the AI agents automations folder, I
remember I had some context about my
company, Bookedin AI. Can you create I'm
trying to create a presentation uh
that's branded with the Bookedin.AI
colors. You can go look it up from
bookn.ai. And I want you to create a
presentation with slidedev on Google
slide into Google slides. All right.
Okay. So yeah, this is um something I
would potentially do. I want to make
some content about bookai, what it is,
etc. I should have a folder called
context here. Yeah, I remember. And they
should have a bunch of assets. Now let's
see. It should be able to just go look
at those files. Oh, this is kind of
cool. It found my brand color, vibrant
blue. Okay, right here. And [snorts] now
it's going to keep working and make all
the branded presentation for me. Okay,
nice. And then I get to just sit back
and relax.
Interesting. So, you see now it's asking
me questions. Who is this for? Make this
for what is booked in? I just want to uh
slide dev and then Google slides.
Actually, I'll just do Google Slides.
Okay. I like Google Slides personally um
just because you can make them really
easily and I can edit it uh later. So,
I'm just going to wait, go through this,
let it do its thing, and then come back
when it's done generating a
presentation.
Okay, so it got done with the slides. I
like how it made it. It's really cool.
And just one little thing I want to show
you guys is there's this Claude desktop
extension I downloaded right here. And
here, let's say I want to change this. I
can be like, "Hey, can you change the
slide so it looks way more uh with more
emojis and stuff like that.
Okay, so it executed a bunch of steps
and it just like added these emojis,
etc. But it's really cool. I like this
simple design. Um, this is just one easy
way to make slides. And if you notice
the thing I said initially was like use
slidev. And slide is just it's a tool
that cloud code uses to kind of create a
presentation and then export it into
Google slides. And personally for me,
I've seen that has a lot more resilience
and it can use my assets really well. So
that's just a pro tip. All right. So for
the next use case, this is something I
do all the time and this is to both grow
my LinkedIn audience and get more
YouTube views. And what I do is just
whenever I make a YouTube video, I make
this really cool um video to
preview the entire YouTube video so
people can have a glance and add this
high converting uh squeaky noise. So for
example, here.
So now if I want to make this, it's
actually a tedious process. You have to
shrink down the video. You have to add
this noise and make it so that uh and
make it so that it's really really
compact and you can post on LinkedIn
pretty easily. Right
now what I can do is I can just make a
new task and let's say I have this file
right here uh Gemini AI agents.
Hey, I have this uh Gemini AI agents
file. I want to make it into a LinkedIn
lead magnet. Can you make it into that
fast squeaky video so I can upload it,
please?
And then I hit go. Cool. And you see how
there's a context. It's working with
with the files. It has a skill, all the
stuff. Um I guess it can't find my file.
I wonder if I can just do this. Oh, see.
Okay, now you can just drag files here
and then you can reference it. This one.
Great. So, I got done with that.
Um, this is where it called it. Let me
try it out.
Okay, cool. Uh, I get the gist. Okay.
Yeah. So, is as simple as that. It's
kind of just like it's taking a video.
It's actually editing videos. It's
inserting new audios and doing all of
that without me having to actually go in
specify much. And this is going to be
really useful for me going forward
because I can also automate things like
I can be like, "Hey, go post this onto
LinkedIn." And what it'll do is open up
LinkedIn, write up a draft post, upload
it, etc.
And also, if you have a lot of different
types of work, you can go into
claude.com/resources/
use cases. And you can see Claude
already pre-made a lot of things you can
do with it. Like if you want to pull
metrics and analytics from your
dashboard and then put it onto a
spreadsheet. If you want to prepare and
plan from your calendar, if you want to
compare a lot of products across sites,
so let's say if you have 10 tabs open of
different products, you want to compare
all of them, get claw to make you a
list, you can do that. You can update
your CRM and log any of your calls to
your CRM. You can clean up all your
promo emails, organize your Google Drive
file.
There's so many little things you can
do. And
you know, we're just scratching the
surface with what we're doing right now
with this clot co-work skill. And I'm
going to be exploring this really,
really in depth. And I want to show you
some new use cases that you might not
know how to do or Claude even tells you
how. This is arguably one of my favorite
parts of the new cloud coworker. And
let's imagine you have, let's say, a big
sheet where you want to take these.
Okay, I'm just being pretty easy right
now. And generate new images for Nano
Banana, right? Um, okay. So, that's what
you'd have to do. You have to go here.
You have to copy it. And then you have
to wait.
And after you're done waiting, it
generates an image for you. and then you
know you get that image and then you
copy it back right that kind of stuff.
So
I personally don't want to do this. So
what can I do? I can go to Claude right
here and I can be like teach Claude.
Okay. And I can start recording. I can
be like
here. Copy.
Go to uh where's this notion thing
going? and then go to Gemini and then
come here and then paste
and then hit enter and then wait and you
see how it's done right now if I go back
and I hit done
it generates I'm basically teaching
claude hey this is what I have to do now
do it for all of them right okay
and I can create a shortcut and if you
really want let's say you have to do
this every day you get new prompts and
stuff like that. You can even schedule
this thing. But right now, let's just
create the shortcut. And let's say if I
if I ask it
use the skill to go through all these
prompts and generate the nanobanana
images.
And then you see how it just types in
each of those prompts
inside. And then just like without me
having to do anything, it starts
actioning it on its own. I really like
how you know you can record skills now.
You can teach it to Claude and then even
make it schedule it to do all these
actions on your own behalf. Okay, I
don't want to eat through all my
credits, so I'm going to stop it. But
this is one way that I have been using
to kind of create visualized slides when
I'm trying to show you guys a cool
concept or whatnot. Right? I will make
these slides and I'll take it to like
Canva or something. But now I can just
get Claw to do a bunch of that.
Okay. Now, let me show you a really cool
use case that I like. So imagine I want
Claude to go fetch data from some
external service like Post Hog. So I
want to know how many visitors and daily
active users I'm getting and then I want
to plot that out inside let's say Google
sheet right what I can do is right here
I can be like hey can you go to post hog
collect um my daily active users and
then put that stuff on a Google sheet so
I can analyze my last month
and notice how I'm not having to do much
right now it's just doing all the stuff
and asking me for permission So, it goes
to my post hog and then it sees my daily
active users and I'm assuming it's just
like taking screenshots or collecting
all this data and right now I can see I
have browser access and it's literally
just controlling my browser like I would
to do this kind of task and you see it's
going through this stuff. I actually
don't know how to use Post Hog. It's
super complex but you know I like that I
have claude coworker now that can do
this stuff for me and you know I can
have this running. You can have 10
different tasks running all at the same
time. Uh you see how it's like going
through the post hog seeing what's going
on. Okay, so I see now it's deciding to
download some CSVs. Cool. So it just
downloaded into my computer and because
it has access to stuff in my computer.
It's going to use that to create a CSV.
Okay, it got done. And for some reason
it made numbers.
I guess Apple that's the native one.
Hey, I don't understand this. Can you
just tell me the general trends and what
I should look out for?
Okay. Uh, it's just being creative with
it. It made all this fancy graphs. It
took that uh the data it got from Post
Hog and then it just made all these
things and Okay, cool. Holiday dip, new
year search. Cool. I mean, these are
cool insights I can get from my data on
my post hog right now. Normally it was
really tedious to go find the data,
analyze it, but cla coworker
it can just do all the stuff for me. Now
one of the really cool use cases I
really like about claude is the fact
that you can teach it any skill you
want. And what that means is for example
claude inherently doesn't have the
ability to generate images. But what I
did was I gave it access. I just told
it, hey Claude, can you make a skill for
yourself where you're able to use this
API whenever I ask for an image? And I
gave it my wave speed API key. And what
it did is it created this image and
skill. And from there now I can just
say, hey, make me images. And it can
create images for me in claude, which it
couldn't do. And if you want to give
your claw superpowers like this, you can
just go here, hit settings,
and right here under capabilities,
if you scroll down, you can see their
skills. And you can do and what you can
do is you can hit example skills. And
there's so many skills that you can add.
You can write your own skills. You can
use the skills Claude has or even use
the awesome Claude skills. You can go
and find this awesome claude skills in
GitHub and you can just copy the link,
give it to Claude and be like, "Hey,
download this skill." Okay? And you can
see there's so many skills for you to
try like competitive ad research. So you
can research your competitor's ad for
example. There's so many different types
of skill so many people have built that
are experts in this and you can just go
ahead and download it. This kind of
makes Claude super extensible and you
can use it for so many different things
and this kind of makes Claude super
powerful. But if you do want to see how
powerful and the really insane stuff you
could do with Claude, check out this
video right here where I'm going to dive
in and show you the real power you can
extract from it.